# mt-graphsearch_public
Public repository containing the code to perform Endgame Moon Tour design with multiobjective graph search. Reference work: "Multiobjective Graph Search for Automated Planetary Moon Tour Design" - F. Maccari, M. Lavagna, 2026 AIAA Scitech and SFM forum.  
No new features are currently planned to be implemented on the repo. Nevertheless feedback, corrections or suggestions are welcomed and appreciated. Please write to: fabrizio.maccari@polimi.it or open an issue in this repository.  

If you use this code or results generated by it in your work, please cite:  
@inproceedings{Maccari2026MoonTour,  
  title     = {Multiobjective Graph Search for Automated Planetary Moon Tour Design},  
  author    = {F. Maccari and M. Lavagna},  
  booktitle = {AIAA SciTech},  
  year      = {2026},  
  doi       = {10.2514/6.2026-1460}  
}
Please provide also a link to this repository in your work.  

The code is distributed for academic and non-commercial use. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.  

## Project Structure

- `src/` – Core source code for graph search, models, plotting, and utilities.  
- `sims/` – Example scripts and data for running case studies and experiments.  
- `README.md` – Project documentation and usage instructions.  
- `universe.jl` – Main universe setup script.  

## How to run the optimization
The scripts compareGS.jl and wgt_dijkstra.jl within the sims folder can be used to run the code in case studies of interest.   
The scripts contain the code to define a case study (moons to consider, resonances and so on) and then the function calls to use to perform graph search.  
Examples of post processing are also added.
All the needed code is within the src folder. 

## Dependencies
The code relies on the following list of Julia packets:

JSMDInterfaces.Errors  
CairoMakie  
ColorSchemes  
GLMakie  
CSV  
JSON3   
IterTools  
LinearAlgebra  
MixedTypesContainers  
SciMLBase: init, reinit!, solve!  
StaticArrays  
NonlinearSolve  
Graphs, SimpleWeightedGraphs    
Tables  
Printf  
DataFrames  
